admin.content.navigation.title : Navigation Management
admin.content.navigation.description : Manage navigation menus and hierarchical menu items
admin.content.navigation.createMenu : Create Menu
admin.content.navigation.allProjects : All Projects
admin.content.navigation.empty : No Navigation Menus
admin.content.navigation.emptyDescription : Create your first navigation menu to manage site navigation
admin.content.navigation.createFirst : Create First Menu
admin.content.navigation.noItems : No Items
admin.content.navigation.noItemsDescription : This menu has no items yet
admin.content.navigation.addFirstItem : Add First Item
admin.content.navigation.addItem : Add Item
admin.content.navigation.loadError : Failed to load navigation data
admin.content.navigation.createSuccess : Menu created successfully
admin.content.navigation.createError : Failed to create menu
admin.content.navigation.updateSuccess : Menu updated successfully
admin.content.navigation.updateError : Failed to update menu
admin.content.navigation.editMenu : Edit Menu
admin.content.navigation.itemCreateSuccess : Item created successfully
admin.content.navigation.itemCreateError : Failed to create item
admin.content.navigation.itemUpdateSuccess : Item updated successfully
admin.content.navigation.itemUpdateError : Failed to update item
admin.content.navigation.itemDeleteSuccess : Item deleted successfully
admin.content.navigation.itemDeleteError : Failed to delete item
admin.content.navigation.editItem : Edit Item
admin.content.navigation.reorderError : Failed to reorder items
admin.content.navigation.visibilityError : Failed to update visibility

admin.content.navigation.menuNamePlaceholder : Enter menu name
admin.content.navigation.menuSlugPlaceholder : enter-menu-slug
admin.content.navigation.menuSlugHint : Used to identify the menu in code
admin.content.navigation.project : Project
admin.content.navigation.projectPlaceholder : Select a project
admin.content.navigation.projectHint : Leave empty for a global menu
admin.content.navigation.globalMenu : Global Menu
admin.content.navigation.slugError : Slug can only contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens

admin.content.navigation.itemLabelPlaceholder : Enter item label
admin.content.navigation.linkType : Link Type
admin.content.navigation.linkTypePage : Page
admin.content.navigation.linkTypeCustom : Custom Path
admin.content.navigation.linkTypeExternal : External URL
admin.content.navigation.selectPage : Select Page
admin.content.navigation.selectPagePlaceholder : Choose a page to link to
admin.content.navigation.linkTarget : Link Target
admin.content.navigation.targetSelf : Same Window
admin.content.navigation.targetBlank : New Window
admin.content.navigation.parentItem : Parent Item
admin.content.navigation.noParent : No Parent (Root Level)
admin.content.navigation.icon : Icon
admin.content.navigation.iconPlaceholder : Icon name or class
admin.content.navigation.iconHint : Optional icon for the menu item
admin.content.navigation.cssClass : CSS Class
admin.content.navigation.cssClassPlaceholder : custom-class
admin.content.navigation.visible : Visible
admin.content.navigation.visibleHint : Show or hide this item in navigation
admin.content.navigation.invalidUrl : Please enter a valid URL
admin.content.navigation.pathMustStartWithSlash : Path must start with /

admin.navigation.content.navigation : Navigation